[sc-6311] init the azure synapse connectors (#390)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/synapse/README.md

# Synapse Connector

This connector extracts technical metadata from Azure Synapse workspaces using [Synapse API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/synapse/)

## Setup

We recommend creating a dedicated Azure AD Application and a dedicated security group for the connector to use.

1. Follow [Step 1 of this doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal#step-1---create-an-azure-ad-app) to create an Azure AD app and a client secret.

> 2. Follow [this doc](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/create-data-lake-storage-account) to create Data Lake Storage Gen2 which set as the default storage warehouse for synapse in the next step.

Reviewer: We don't need to include 2 & 3 as they are generic instructions on how to use Synapse. Let's focus on crawler-specific settings such as permissions, etc.

# Synapse Connector

This connector extracts technical metadata from Azure Synapse workspaces using [Synapse API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/synapse/)

## Setup

We recommend creating a dedicated Azure AD Application and a dedicated security group for the connector to use.

1. Follow [this doc](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/quickstart-create-workspace) to create a synapse workspace for you.

<!-- Pending to write and limit necessary permission for api   -->
2. Access control in Azure Portal
   - asure workspace
   - storage account
     - IAM: add storage Queue Data Contributor

5. Access control in Microsoft Azure Synapse Portal

   - 
## Config File

Create a YAML config file based on the following template.

### Required Configurations

```yaml
tenant_id: <tenant_id>  # The Power BI tenant ID

client_id: <client_id>  # The Azure Application client id

secret: <secret>  # The client secret

> subscription_id: <subscription_id> # The Azure Subscription id

Reviewer: 2 spaces before all `#`. Also did you answer @elic-eon 's question?

> subscription_id: <subscription_id> # The Azure Subscription id

Author: Yes. The space problem is also fixed.

# Synapse Connector

This connector extracts technical metadata from Azure Synapse workspaces using [Synapse API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/synapse/)

## Setup

We recommend creating a dedicated Azure AD Application and a dedicated security group for the connector to use.

1. Follow [Step 1 of this doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/developer/embedded/embed-service-principal#step-1---create-an-azure-ad-app) to create an Azure AD app and a client secret.

2.  Follow steps to set up/check enough permissions in Azure portal to perform Azure Synapse connector:
    1. Access control in Azure Portal, go to your Azure Synapse workspace in [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Synapse%2Fworkspaces).
    2. Click the workspace which will be used in the Synapse connector.

>     3. Click **Access control(IAM)** tab on the left-hand panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Click `Access control(IAM)` tab on the left-hand panels.
```

>     4. Click **+Add** and select **Add role assignment** to add role-based permissions to the AD app we created in the first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Click `+Add` and select `Add role assignment` to add role-based permissions to the AD app we created in the first step.
```

    5. add build-in role **Reader** or custom role to the app and wait for a few minutes for applied to all resources.

>        - the build-in **Reader** role has too many permissions than the connector request. To limit permission, you can create custom role with ony **"Microsoft.Synapse/*/read"** permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - the build-in `Reader` role has more permissions than required by the connector. To limit the permission, you can create a custom role with only `Microsoft.Synapse/*/read` permission.
```

      Sample permission JSON file as follow:
            ```json
            {
                "id": "<role_id>",
              "properties": {
                      "roleName": "",
                      "description": "",
                      "assignableScopes": [""],
                      "permissions": [
                          {
                              "actions": [
                                "Microsoft.Synapse/*/read"
                              ],
                              "notActions": [],
                              "dataActions": [],
                              "notDataActions": []
                          }
                      ]
                  }
              }
            ```

3. Follow the steps to set up/check enough permissions in Microsoft Azure Synapse portal to perform Azure Synapse connector:
    1. Go to your synapse workspace portal.

>        - if you cannot find it, go to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Synapse%2Fworkspaces) then click the workspace and you could find Workspace web URL in **Overview** section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - if you cannot find it, go to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Synapse%2Fworkspaces) then click the workspace and you could find Workspace web URL in `Overview` section
```

>     2. Click **Manage** on the left-hand panel

Reviewer: Please update the rest

    3. Select `Access control` (Security -> Access control)
    4. Click `+ Add` then add role-based permissions to the AD app we created in the first step.
    5. Role select `Synapse Monitoring Operator`
    6. Wait for a few minutes for permission apply and then could start to use Synapse connector.

## Config File

Create a YAML config file based on the following template.

### Required Configurations
To specify workspaces to crawl, need to also assign a `Resource Group Name`. Otherwise, the connector will crawl all authorized synapse workspaces.

```yaml
tenant_id: <tenant_id>  # The azure directory (tenant) id

client_id: <client_id>  # The azure application client id

secret: <secret>  # The azure application client secret

subscription_id: <subscription_id> # The Azure Subscription id

resource_group_name: <resource_group_name> # (Optinal) Rescource group name

workspaces: # (Optional) The workspace names
  - <workspace1>
  - <workspace2>
  ...

output:
  file:

>     directory: <output_directory> # the output result directory

Reviewer: Also add a section on testing like https://github.com/MetaphorData/connectors/blob/cea72fd814c0be210fabda8ba4fa3663aaf18243/metaphor/power_bi/README.md?plain=1#L61
